# Canteen-management-system-project-with-source-code
The source code for a canteen management system is designed and developed to manage canteens. It is the aim of this canteen management system project with source code to provide people with an automated ordering system for ordering food and drink in the office in order to make life easier for them. The ordering system will be handed over to the sales team and will allow them to place an order for multiple drinks and food items at one time. A salesperson will be able to place orders from their computers, tablets, or smartphones from wherever they are. With the help of this project, people will be able to order food and drinks in the office canteen. In this way, they will be able to save their orders and recall them at any time in the future. It is a tool that can be used as a means to improve the efficiency of work with the help of technology and Employee Order Management System. As part of the ordering system, drinks and food will be ordered from the kitchen and delivered to the customer. There are several advantages to this, including the fact that it improves efficiency as well as reducing the amount of cash that is spent on staffing and food. It is intended that a wide variety of products will be ordered in bulk so as to reduce the chance of shortages or wastage of products. The PHP-based automated canteen ordering system will provide an estimated delivery time, and the order will be delivered to the table as soon as it arrives. The delivery time is just an estimate; the order may arrive sooner or later. In fast food restaurants, delivery times are crucial. There is no guarantee of delivery time estimates. It is important to accurately predict how long it will take to cook your order in order to ensure that customers receive their food quickly. It is important to add the number of minutes it takes for each batch in order to be able to estimate the amount of time required. It will take approximately three batches to cook your dish if, for example, it takes 40 minutes to cook your dish. As soon as the order has been placed, the staff will receive a text message notification that the order has been placed. The waiting staff will be able to collect the order once it has been placed. As part of the canteen management system, a web application will be developed and installed on a server, with the features like: the user can place orders and review their purchase history through a user-friendly interface; the ability to place orders using a smartphone using a web browser; the ability to order food and drink items by scanning barcodes on the packaging; the ability to track food and drink item purchases in real-time; When food and drink items arrive at the point of sale, push notifications can be sent to a phone. Food ordering and delivery in a canteen will be automated by the canteen management system project. A user-friendly interface and PHP source code are used to develop the canteen automation system. A canteen food ordering and management system is more than just automating the ordering and delivery of food, it's also about improving the quality and reducing the cost of food for workers.
